Refs #31300 -- Add function-based virtual fields (#16417)
django/django: docs/ref/models/fields.txt

    information on the difference between the two, see Python's documentation
    for the :mod:`decimal` module.

``GeneratedField``
------------------

> 

Reviewer: `versionadded` annotation is missing.

.. class:: GeneratedField(expression, output_field=None, db_persist=True, **kwargs)

> A field which is computed based on other fields in the model. Uses the database's
> ``GENERATED ALWAYS AS`` syntax. Similar to a database view, this field is managed
> and updated by the database itself.

Reviewer 2: Slight reordering of details, since SQL is a bit more of an implementation detail.

```suggestion
A field which is computed based on other fields in the model. Similar to a
database view, this field is managed and updated by the database itself. Uses
the ``GENERATED`` SQL syntax.
```

Also could we add an example after this paragraph? Just a basic use case, maybe from the tests, would really help users see what this does.

.. attribute:: GeneratedField.expression

    An :class:`Expression` used by the database to automatically set the field
    value whenever the model is changed.

>     Several restrictions apply to generated columns, depending on the database.
>     A :class:`GeneratedField` should be immutable and only reference
>     concrete columns inside the model itself. References to other models' fields
>     is not supported. See your database's documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph was mixing the concepts of columns and fields. Plus I think "deterministic" is the right word, rather than "immutable" (the input fields into the expression are allowed to mutate). My attempt to improve:

```suggestion
    The expressions should be deterministic and only reference fields within
    the model (in one database table). Database backends can impose further
    restrictions.
```

The "(in one database table)" is because a model can span multiple tables, in the case of multi-table inheritance.

Author: I pulled "immutable" from the Postgres docs. That said, "deterministic" works for me and I'm good with these changes.

.. attribute:: GeneratedField.output_field

>     An optional :class:`Field` used to explicitly define the model's underlying
>     column type. This can be used to customize the field's DB collation or other
>     field-specific properties.
> 
>     By default, this field is derived from the given ``expression``.

Reviewer 2: Tried to tighten this up. "Properties" isn't quite the right word - that can lead to confusion with `@property`. "attribute" is what we really talk about in Python.

```suggestion
    An optional :class:`Field` to define the field’s data type. This can be
    used to customize attributes like the field's collation. By default, the
    output field is derived from ``expression``.
```

.. attribute:: GeneratedField.db_persist

    Determines if the database column should occupy storage as if it were a real
    column. If ``False``, the column acts as a virtual column and does
    not occupy database storage space.

    Default is ``True``. PostgreSQL only supports persisted columns.

``GeneratedField`` is supported on MariaDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQLite. SQLite

> does not support parameters in generated column definitions.

Reviewer 2: I think this should go before the attribute description?

Reviewer 3: I agree
